# 2021-11-24 - 5th Derivatives Meeting Notes

* Notes by Goldzulu

# Agenda

* Discuss progress over the past 2 weeks
* Get an update on current ethereum mainnet readiness
    * Backend
    * Frontend
    * Artwork?
* Thoughts on mainnet vs matic
* Funding and tentative/nice to have launch target
* Possibile initiation of work on L2 Polygon Testnet Mumbai based deployment
    * Port OG Smart Contract?
    * Port Derivatives Smart Contract
    * Port Front End Minting
    * IPFS Assets considerations
* Discuss progress of next derivatives project/game initiative
    * Any volunteers? RFC process needed or part of derivatives project
    * provide base layer infrastructure/ sample codes/ wallet integration
    * provide sample games 

# Attendee

* too many to memorize! thanks to all who attend!

# General Notes

* L2 Polygon seems to be the general concensus so far within the team with regards to where to deploy and launch derivatives project
* It is agreed that educational benefits should trump over economical benefits in general decision making
    * A poll done quickly in the text channel during the meeting shows 1 vote mainnet 5 vote polygon and 2 vote others 
* When asked about how to get access to a repo, one can generally come out with a project and ask for permissions from one of the mod to have repo. Currently no hard and fast rule on the formal process

# Pixel Avatar Deployment Mainnet Launch Readiness Status

* In general, the team believes that the are ready to launch in MainNet Ethereum 
* Bulk of the last work lot is done by Alex under the leadership of Rasmulnielson.
## Backend Status

* Smart Contract is ready and stable in Rinkeby and has been reviewed to be good enough for Mainnet deployment

## Frontend Status

* Frontend now have wallet connect on top of metamask wallet capability

## Design (Game Artwork or otherwise)

* Possible a small identifiable graphics layer can be used to differentiate the different network versions e.g. polygon, solana etc

# Discussions on L2 Work

* The team will go ahead and start implementing an L2 version in polygon
    * a solution to recognise OG owners of the NFT need to be found
    * Goldzulu will write out the problem statement and post it in discourse for comments and also a link created to the discourse posting from Discord 

# Next Derivatives projects - Game Development Projects Etc

* The team needs game developers/designer to help initiate the next game development project in the derivatives group.
* Erik knobl suggest a simple pong game
* Rasmulnielson suggested opening an RFC for the game project to get a wider awareness
* New interest for contribution shown by stargirl and drouch with regards to graphical assets creation and embeddable HTML NFTs.
