# 2021-12-08 - 6th Derivatives Meeting Notes

* Notes by Goldzulu

# Agenda

* Discuss progress over the past 2 weeks
* Pixel Avatars L2 Minting readiness status
    * Celebrate completed work by alex, etherinsight and rasmulnielson
    * Port Derivatives Smart Contract
    * Port Front End Minting
    * Ability to have cross chain validation of OG Dev4R minters
* A deeper dive into latest way to handle L2 pixel derivatives minting options
    * Node server signing option
    * Snapshot and merkle tree option
* Thoughts on mainnet vs matic (if any more input)
* Discuss progress of next derivatives project/game initiative
    * Any volunteers? RFC process needed or part of derivatives project
    * provide base layer infrastructure/ sample codes/ wallet integration
    * provide sample games 

# Attendee

* Hopefully many!

# General Notes

*

# Pixel Avatar Deployment L2 Launch Readiness Status

*

# Discuss progress of next derivatives project/game initiative

* 